Add unsupported help for `systemd-resolved` (#21922)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/more-info/unsupported/systemd_resolved.markdown

---
title: "Systemd-Resolved"
description: "More information on why systemd-resolved marks the installation as unsupported."
---

## The issue

> Systemd-resolved is used over DBus to resolve DNS queries made by Home Assistant, Supervisor,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
systemd-resolved is used over D-Bus to resolve DNS queries made by Home Assistant, Supervisor,
```

> and Add-Ons. Without it, DNS will not work correctly in your installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and add-ons. Without it, DNS will not work correctly in your installation.
```

## The solution

> If you see a message about an issue with DBus, [fix that first](https://www.home-assistant.io/more-info/unsupported/dbus#the-solution).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see a message about an issue with D-Bus, [resolve that first](/more-info/unsupported/dbus#the-solution).
```
